okay tonight we're doing a little bit of
wiring here we've got a battery the main
battery cable coming out of the starter
and it will be soldering an end on it
here we've got a 1 gauge wire and 1
gauge copper connector that's chrome
plating on the outside so we're gonna
solder this on we get a little hole cut
in the connector there to let the solder
go in and we'll be putting heat on the
backside of it and to pull the solder
into this we'll go and get started now
also got some heat-shrink black heat
shrink connectors on here or heat shrink
tubes on here that will pull up and
shrink on here to make this a nice
molded good-looking fit fitting all
right go ahead and start now
okay underneath the car just finishing
up the alternator wire got it to sort it
on and now going to get the heat shrink
on there just need to get that melted on
and make a nice connection
okay there's both connections all
finished up and bolt it up to the
starter and should be ready to go
main power wire coming in from the back
and smaller 4 gauge wire going out to
the to the alternator